saying goodbye to my Jeep everybody this
kind man gave me three grand for it
pretty happy
say goodbye
so here's the new 199 this time 30,000
less miles than my other Jeep got thirty
threes Te'o's some bushwhacking flat
fenders look pretty good some weird LED
lights full coils still got front sway
bar pretty much stock steering wise
gonna upgrade track bar soon first time
having a select yeah select track
instead of the command track but yeah
can't wait to take it up in the woods
try it out should be fun
don't have the keys on me too
insides pretty clean seats are different
than my last one it's got a console
stocks tear yeah
got the full time mist
should be fun
you